(4.6) Clustering with DDEV: supported Elasticsearch versions (#3241)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/infrastructure_and_maintenance/clustering/clustering_with_ddev.md

The following sequence of commands:

1. Adds the Elasticsearch container

> 2. Sets the Elasticsearch version to 7 (default is 9 which is not supported; for version 8, also use `ibexa/elasticsearch8` package)

Author: ```suggestion
2. Sets the Elasticsearch version to 7 (default is 9 which is not supported, 8 is supported with the `ibexa/elasticsearch8` package)
```

> 2. Sets the Elasticsearch version to 7 (default is 9 which is not supported, 8 is supported with the `ibexa/elasticsearch8` package)

Author: ```suggestion
2. Sets the Elasticsearch version to 7 (default is 9 which is not supported, 8 is supported with the `ibexa/elasticsearch8` package) - a full version number is required, see [Elasticsearch Docker image](https://hub.docker.com/_/elasticsearch)
```

> 2. Sets the Elasticsearch version to 7 (default is 9 which is not supported, 8 is supported with the `ibexa/elasticsearch8` package) - a full version number is required, see [Elasticsearch Docker image](https://hub.docker.com/_/elasticsearch)

Reviewer: Could you somehow link to https://doc.ibexa.co/en/4.6/search/search_engines/elasticsearch/install_elasticsearch/ from here? For people who want to read more about the supported versions, elasticsearch8 package etc.

Author: @mnocon  I chose this solution: 298b73137b1267d2c28a469d97455071b58f7950
I added a little intro that was kind of missing anyway.
What do you think? ~~If it's OK, I'l do the same for Solr.~~

Edit: I did the same for Solr in 1f9c50c7b44873f264a501917c4dddfb1c0651fa

3. Sets Elasticsearch as the search engine
4. Restarts the DDEV cluster and clears application cache
5. Injects the schema and reindexes the content

```bash
ddev add-on get ddev/ddev-elasticsearch

> ddev dotenv set .ddev/.env.elasticsearch --elasticsearch-docker-image=elasticsearch:7.16.2

Author: ```suggestion
ddev dotenv set .ddev/.env.elasticsearch --elasticsearch-docker-image=elasticsearch:7.17.14
```
